I have two Awards here the first one is
from a Virginia School Board Association
Award of recognition is presented to Dr
Mark Jones for his commitment to
effective School Board governor
through your participation in the vsba
school board Academy David Woodward
president and Gina Patterson executive
director the next one is ex the reads
the same and it's a water to miss Janet
Hancock Clerk of the
board now I think she wants all of us
down front to
take is that what you
say
take a
yeah
[Music]
you
for
yes all
right
now we have some special Awards tonight
miss Petty are you going to do the
schools yes
sir I don't know what she's going to
say I haven't what she's going to do but
I can tell y'all this is a big deal for
these two schools to receive this award
is after she finishes I'll say a little
more cuz she it may she may have it in
hers and I don't want to spill it for
but this is really a huge achievement
for Pennsylvania County Miss
Patty chairman do school board members
Dr Jones it's always my pleasure to
share good news I'd like to begin with
the press release from the US Department
of Education announcing the 2023 Blue
Ribbon Schools on September
19th the US Department of Education
recognized
353 schools as National Blue Ribbon
Schools for
2023 the recognition is based on a
school's overall academic performance or
progress in closing achievement gaps
among student groups on assessments the
honores for our 2023 National Blue
Ribbon Schools award have set a national
example for what it means to raise the
bar in education said US Secretary of
Education Miguel Cardona the leaders
Educators and staff at our national Blue
Ribbon Schools continually inspire me
with their dedication to fostering
academic excellence and building
positive School cultures that support
students of all backgrounds to thrive
academically socially and
emotionally as the bid in herit
administration partners with States and
schools to accelerate academic success
and transform educational opportunity in
this country we take tremendous pride in
the achievement ments of these schools
and their commitment to empowering
Educators serving students and engaging
families and this was the quote from the
US Secretary of Education with its 40th
cohort the National Blue Ribbon Schools
program has bestowed approximately
10,000 Awards to more than
9,700 schools the National Blue Ribbon
School award affirms and validates the
hard work of students educat families
and Community communities and striving
for and attaining exemplary achievement
National Blue Ribbon Schools represent
the full diversity of American schools
and and serve students of every
background while award schools represent
the diverse fabric of American schools
they also share some of the core
elements now National Blue Ribbon School
leaders articulate a vision of
excellence and hold everyone to high
standards they demonstrate effective and
Innovative teaching and learning and the
schools value and support teachers and
staff through meaningful professional
learning data from many sources are used
to drive instruction and every student
strives for Success families communities
and Educators work together toward a
common goal Nation National Blue Ribbon
Schools serve as models of effective and
Innovative School practices for state
and District Educators and other schools
throughout the
nation a National Blue Ribbon School
flag gracing a school's entryway or or
on a flag pole is a widely recognized
symbol of exemplary teaching and
learning and these schools that will be
recognized will be traveling to
Washington DC for the recognitions
November 16th and
17th the US Department recognizes all
schools in one of two performance
categories based on all student scores
subgroup student scores and graduation
rates there are two
categories of recognition exemplary High
performing School
and exemplary achievement Gap closing
schools up to 420 schools may be
nominated each year the department
invites nominations for the National
Blue Ribbon Schools award from the top
education officials in all states the
District of Colombia US territories and
the Department of Defense Education
activity and the Bureau of Indian
education private schools are nominated
by the council for American private
education i' like to begin by asking Dr
Leslie
hackworth principal of Southside
Elementary School assistant principal
Shelley mayew and our director of
Elementary education Mr Todd CE to come
forward for just a moment along with
their
staff
and any students that are from Southside
Elementary may also join them at this
time Southside Elementary School was
recognized in the category of exemplary
achievement Gap closing
schools these schools are among their
state's highest performing schools and
closing academic achievement gaps
between a school student groups and all
students so please join me and a round
of applause for Southside Elementary
School National Blue rhy School
congratulations Dr Jones school board
members please come everybody
[Applause]
[Music]
sh
e
y' board members you need to stay for
the next
one
Dr hackworth is there anything that you
would like to say you may come forward
at this time sure I would just say we
are thrilled on behalf of we are
thrilled um on behalf of Southside
Elementary to earn this honor we have
the most wonderful teaching staff
students and um families and communities
that you could ask for in Pennsylvania
county we think we're the best kept
secret on the southern end of the County
Down on the South Side our motto is
striving for excellence and in all
seriousness this award is um just a
wonderful recognition of the hard work
that our community does each
day thank you so much Dr
hackworth Miss Mayhew and Southside
Elementary School faculty and also
students in in their absence again thank
you so much and
[Applause]
congratulations our next recognition is
for Union Hall Elementary
School with the principal Mrs Amy eand
and
staff and any students present please
come forward at this
time
for
before I continue with this school's
recognition I want you to know that
nominated schools go through a very
extensive process of completing an
application in which they describe their
school culture and philosophy curriculum
assessments instructional practices
professional development leadership
structures and parent and Community
involvement so these two schools were
worked extremely hard um in preparation
with their test scores and all the work
that they've been doing but also the
application itself was quite extensive
and teachers are nodding so at this time
I'd like to share that Union Hall
Elementary
School was recognized in the area of
exemplary High performing schools
exemplary High performing schools are
among their state's highest EST
performing schools as measured by state
assessments on the nationally normed
test and I'd like you to know that not
only for
2023 they're recognized as a National
Blue Ribbon school but union hall for
them this is their second recognition
they were first recognized in
2017 so please join me and
congratulating Union Hall Elementary
School
[Music]
[Applause]
on behalf of Union Hall Elementary I'd
like to thank you all for this
recognition tonight uh Union Hall is a
very unique and special place I feel
like I've been blessed to be there these
teachers give 100% every day as do the
children and their families and so
children our students we're glad you're
here and families thank you for bringing
them tonight and again we thank you all
for recognizing the efforts that Union
Hall has
made thank you and again congratulations
to Union Hall Elementary School National
Blue Ribbon School we're just so excited
because we now have four Blue Ribbon
Schools in Pennsylvania county schools
division our first school to be
recognized as a National Blue Ribbon
School was Mount Ary Elementary followed
by ton high school and now for 2023
Southside Elementary and Union Hall
Elementary thank
[Applause]
you Mr dolls chairman dolls is there
anything you'd like to
say so I have to tell you a funny little
story I had the privilege the other day
to go visit both of the schools so I
walked in one of the classrooms and it
was Kindergarten I think it was y was
Kindergarten classroom and I said
students y'all got a big award yay I
said how far can y'all count and they
started naming off no I said can you
count to 2,000 they looked at me nope
they couldn't count to 2,000 the
significance was there's just over 2,000
public schools in the state of Virginia
of that only 10 schools received Blue
Ribbon three were private seven were
public of the seven two of them were in
Pennsylvania county so that's a huge
deal for Pennsylvania county to have two
of seven schools get to National Blue
Ribbon honor so the kindergarten kids
couldn't count that the high but they
knew it was a good deal so I want to
thank missan and her staff and and of
course Dr hackworth and her staff what a
fantastic job they did and this really
is truly a team effort it takes the
teachers the students the parents and
the community behind the school because
all things go into this and if if a
parents aren't doing their job you know
it makes it rough on the teachers too so
parents and the community thank you'all
for y'all support it shows up and this
is what you get when you have good
support at the schools so thank you'all
on behalf of Pennsylvania county
school thank you so
[Applause]
much
and
and thank you parents
grandparents um family members who came
out to support we have one more
recognition you do
the next
recognition is for college boards
National Rural and small town award Dan
River High School has two students being
recognized so I invite Dr Josh boock to
come forward his assistant principles
are Mr Franklin Ferguson and Mr Jonathan
Fain the national recognition programs
honors the strong AC mic achievements of
underrepresented underrepresented
students and the first student who is
being recognized and I'll read the first
certificate and it
reads Excellence Pennsylvania County
Schools their certificate of excellence
is presented to Amari white in
recognition and appreciation for
outstanding achievement for receiving
the the college board's National Rural
and small town award granted this 10th
day of October
20123 by the Pennsylvania County School
Board School board chairman Calvin da
School Board Vice chairman Kelly Mar's
congratulations
Amari and we have with us director of
secondary schools Elizabeth Craig
joining
yes
picture and again congratulations Amari
white our next student to be
recognized for excellence and
recognition and appreciation for
outstanding achievement for receiving
the college board's National Rural and
small town award is William
[Applause]
Evans
and again congratulations William and
Amari on your outstanding
accomplishment congratulations
students right up next we have a
character word of the month which is
honesty miss Ma Dan R High School
good evening school board members Dr
Jones and guests in the audience I've
been given the opportunity to speak on
October's character word of the month
honesty never be afraid to raise your
voice for honesty and truth and
compassion against Injustice in lying
and greed if all PE if people all over
the world would do this it would change
the earth a quote by William fauler the
quote states that you should Raise Your
Voice for honesty which can be a rather
difficult
task being honest should should not be
difficult yet often many people believe
that being honest is just about not
lying to truly be honest though is to
not with is to withhold nothing not even
the most minute detail because of this
some people we may associate with
honesty cannot truly be considered
honest
unfortunately in today's world we have
to be critical of everyone with the rise
of social media and AI there has come a
deficit in honesty there are so many
ways for people to lie without ever
getting caught and therefore they never
face the consequences of their actions
the pandemic of Lies is obviously
nothing new however it is seen more in
today's
society by being honest you create a
Cornerstone for integrity being honest
allows you to create more valuable
connections with others and can bring
you many opportunities your honesty will
bring you a sense of authenticity to
your character and you will not have to
worry about keeping up with lies you
have told or information you have
withheld you will be able to relax
knowing that you have been honest to be
more honest with others you must first
be honest with yourself and improve
yourself awareness it can be a great
help to surround yourself with people
who have similar values and morals as
well
you should learn to communicate with
others and not hold back your opinions
overall you need to understand
communication self-awareness and know
your own values to be honest with others
in the best way possible if only we
could go back to the old days when a
person's word was their bond their
handshake was never laced with lies and
they did not have to be be bound by
legalities on
paper thank
you
okay up next is a paa the other Dr Jones
I see you sitting back
there good
evening youing I'm doing good thank you
so
uh superintendent Jones school board
members uh essential office staff all
those in attendance I'm going to first
start by saying you did
well miss an you did so I'm sitting back
here with your mom I you see how she
gets small uhuh look she's like oh God
she's embarrassing
me so I I want to say honesty is a very
interesting topic to Broach right
because it comes upon your your own
moral compass and understanding how to
discern that and be able to explain it
to other people is a thing of beauty
it's an art and it's a science and it's
not something that you should be scared
about doing something that you should be
proud that you did well and I know I'm
speaking on behalf of your mom
congratulations young lady you did an
outstanding
job so be proud of
yourself okay um I will I will go into
that a little bit more because a lot of
the topics that she brought about
particular Corner the Cornerstone of
Integrity uh is sometimes the thing that
has challenged the most and in education
that's the thing that you need the most
and it should never be challenged you
should be able to look somebody in the
eye and know where you stand with them
you should be able to speak with them
and know and understand that they are
paying you attention because they're
connecting where you are not trying to
ignore that and unfortunately in
education we don't see that as much you
saw two rousting examples from Southside
Elementary and Union Hall about Blue
Ribbon Schools and yes I am at tonsa
High schol school we were a blue rbon
School
2016 and understanding that that's one
of the the pieces that has to be
embedded in what you do to be exemplary
in what you do you have to be honest
because otherwise our community is going
to support dishonesty our famili is
going to support that or students going
to get behind it's not so I think the
thread of what you said needs to
continue to carry in every aspect of
what we do and understand when those
schools are recognized that they are
truly em ENT of that term and I'm truly
proud to say they're my colleagues and
we were back there just like yay for
them as well um and anytime you see
success you know that truth and honesty
comes within that now the challenge
comes into it with what she said
sometimes information documentation
whatever the case may be sometimes
disappears or conveniently just doesn't
get shared and that's not what we need
in education you need to be above board
at all times not just with your eyes but
with your hands and all that you do so
people can see you
transparently okay I I was told many
years ago if you can't look yourself in
the mirror how can you expect somebody
else to look at you the same and that's
true so one of the things that people
have challenged themselves a lot with is
what goes on at the general assembly
level I won't go into Congress that's a
whole another
conversation but what have we seen over
the past 15 plus years to what has
happened in
education at the September meeting I
brought a few things to you particularly
about the budget and discussions about
lawmakers and what happens and how that
impacts us as a whole the family unit
the student the school the community our
future as a whole and granted what might
be said at noon may not hold True by
2:00 but at least communicate the change
so everybody's on the same page
and I had asked I had inquired what was
the plan moving forward knowing that the
governor was going to more than likely
sign that budget and he did so within 48
Hours of me stepping away from this
Podium there are a couple of things that
I had asked one was have we thought
about what those key topics are those
issues the legislative meeting that you
all had scheduled for September the 8th
had been postponed but the work still
needs to be done done so what are things
that your key allies your students your
support your colleagues can be doing to
share because quite frankly if we wait
until January 2024 it can be too late so
what are those things that we need to be
having Community conversations about and
what are those issues that are impacting
Us in and out of the classroom that
affect the communities that ultimately
affect
education the other component was the
actual budget itself now there was some
heeh Hong going on and there was
compromise That was supposed to be had
around August the
25th and that did come to pass but I
oppos the fact that there was some
inflation that had happened over the
past few years and the state's
investment of 5% in the first half of
the school year and 7% increase in the
second half of the school year still
does not average out to average teacher
pay we would have to dig another 8% out
somewhere of our taxpaying budget to
ensure that we raise our Educators up
the very people that you recognize and
those that you haven't that all come
together for the good of the student and
for the future of the educational system
but you got to pay them right if people
can ultimately go into another line of
work because it's more affordable for
their lifestyle or even for them to pay
their bills how can you attract and
retain those into the educational
Community by saying but it's for the
kids and never shows up so when I
reiterate it would take around 8% State
increase the next year to get to the
national teacher pay we understand that
highly qualified licensed teachers need
to be sought for but we're coming to a
point now where we know not just from a
national perspective there's a teacher
shortage the Commonwealth of Virginia
has now acknowledged that as well so as
we're preparing budgets we're also
Preparing People and making sure that
the best and the brightest continue on
the path of that the Excellence that we
so Aspire for so at last month's meeting
um I know there was no comment at that
point because the governor had yet to
sign the
budget but I indicated he would shortly
and he did and now that he has you know
what is that
plan so in the case of the deal that was
set aside was about nearly $55 million
54.7 something like that for the state
share of a 2% salary increase for
teachers effective January 1st
2024 adding a 5% hike for the 2023 and
2024 fiscal years yeah that's a sliding
rule that nobody likes to keep up with
and that was approved when the initial
two-year budget plan was passed now
according to that language school
districts like us must match that 2% to
access the funds for those raises
further that budget included about $115
million
for 2% raises for state employees
including University workers ad junk
faculty that would apply to me but I
don't work in North Carolina teacher
assistance and state supported local
employees and standards of quality
funded positions so I come back tonight
for a Clarity of Point okay not for the
honesty but the clarity what's the plan
and what will that look like so people
do not question the honesty or the
Cornerstone of Integrity but to clearly
understand what is the plan for the
educational system and how we can
continue to move forward in an upright
position and be on the same page about
it thank you thank you Dr
John we're going to move on now to our
staff and committee reports our first
one is a report on the comprehensive
plan and for that we have Dr Lillian
Holland here former assistant
superintendent for us good to see you Dr
col thank you for being here yes and
thank you um chairman dolls Schoolboard
members Dr Jones and staff um it it's
good to be here and I appreciate the
opportunity I've had to work on the
comprehensive
plan since I was last here at the June
meeting the executive team has devoted
quite a bit of time to working on and
And discussing and looking ahead and
developing this comprehensive
plan they've utilized information from
many sources and of course have taken in
consideration the Handover research
survey results that we reported to you
on earlier back in June and they've
drafted a plan for your review and
approval that will guide the School
Division from
20124 to
2030 um Miss Hancock has included an
electronic version of this within your
um Schoolboard documents and I hope that
you've had a chance to begin to review
that um it's my understanding that at
the September meeting the public was
given an opportunity to provide some
input um as we're looking ahead and
making
plans the document uh Miss hanco was
kind enough to print out a a copy for me
but um you have an electronic version
and as you've looked at this you know
that we have draft across it as a
watermark because it is still in a draft
format um it's a a plan that we're that
we're working on um Dr Jones has written
the forward for us establishing an
understanding of the school division um
that it why we have a comprehensive
plan it takes into consideration the
Virginia standards of quality uh the
Virginia Department of Education
requirements as well as Federal
requirements as we make sure that we're
adhering to
those of course we've also included the
Strategic plan for Education which has
guided this School Division for close to
25 years now along with the vision and
Mission the overview included in this
document gives you a glimpse of the
division demographics and the
instructional Focus that's Rel related
to the six School Improvement categories
in addition we have made sure that we
included the recognition that our
schools have received both in from the
governor's office and the Virginia index
of performance and finally the meat of
the plan is that which the is divided up
into the four areas that the assistant
superintendents have responsibility
Administration instruction operations
and and support
services as you review these goals and
strategies objectives you will find
ambitious goals and detailed strategies
for reaching the goals in working with
the executive team we all recognize that
a strategic plan or a comprehensive plan
is a living
document it can always be revised and
changed as requirements are from the
State Department of Education change our
or our division needs um are different
so the plans a road
mapap and as the chair of the steering
committee I certainly welcome your
feedback and if you have
questions Dr Jones the executive team or
I will be happy to entertain those and
respond to them if you wish for us to
adjust the plan in any way we will
certainly entertain those
suggestions um but I thank you for your
review we would really like to have this
before you for your approval at the
November board meeting so that it
everything can be in place when we move
into
2024 for the division so thank you for
allowing me to to um bring this to you
that we we've pulled it together we
think it's ready for your approval um
but certainly it's um we would welcome
your input or feedback thank you thank
you Dr Holland and it's good to see you
by the way yes thank you it's nice to be
here thank you for your hard work I know
it's a lot that goes into this and we
appreciate it very much thank you I I'm
I'm just pulling it together they've
done all the work thank you thank you so
I'm going to ask the bo it's it's a
pretty lengthy document it's 50 some
pages to please review it between now
and next month if you if you have any
questions either you know reach out to
me or reach out to Dr Jones or or Miss
Hancock um I will probably have it on
the work session for next month if it
want if y'all want to have any
discussion whatsoever on it prior to the
meeting um but and and remember that
next month's meeting is on Monday
instead of Tuesday because of um Dr
Jones need to together to Williamsburg
with with the students so next month's
meetings on Monday so please look it
over it's pretty lengthy um and if you
have anything let me know
okay does anybody have any questions on
any of the remaining desk
reports that's seven of them if not
we'll move on to the superintendent
report yes sir Mr doll school members I
too would like to thank Dr Holland for
her good work on this and pulling this
all together it's quite a task that that
we began really last January and so it's
a really it's a year-long process um and
I think we have a very nice product I
hope you all um see that when you read
through it so Dr Holland thank you thank
the assistant superintendent as well for
your good work on this too um we have
school Improvement planning that takes
place during the summer um and we always
set goals for our
staff and some goals are concrete other
goals are are are in um given by the
superintendent and my goal is always
that we are
90% or above pass rates or above the
state average and I get out and I meet
with our
principes and um one thing I ask our
principles one of our principles as I
was coming into this principal building
what are your goals for this year for
your
staff without hesitation this principal
said 100% I think that is the mindset of
our staff we truly believe that what
we're doing is in the best interest of
children and I think we saw it tonight
in Mrs Petty's presentation of our our
our two schools that are Blue Ribbon
Schools and I think that resonates
through our division uh into our through
our children into our families I think
it maybe resonates up from our families
into the school Division and vice versa
so feel very good about where we are we
have a lot of hard work uh that in store
for this year as we are still rebounding
for Co but our scores look very strong
and I we feel good about the work that's
taken Place thus far some other things
that I would like to draw your attention
to we as a division have designated
October as School attendance month we
realize we've always realized the
importance of students being in our
classroom each and every day so div
visionwide our instructional team has
met with our principles and and we have
designated that this month will be of of
a good attendance month and so you'll
begin seeing yard signs in front of our
schools uh recognizing this month as
such also in your packet this evening is
information regarding the sales tax uh
revenues for the first month uh it looks
like that the revenues have tracked in
at about 3.24 million for the first
month if you recall back when we began
this process with our Board of
Supervisors and the finance Departments
of both the School Division and the
county that we want to track that for
three 3 months we're we're 3 months we
this is July revenues that we're seeing
in in late September early October so
we'll track July August and September
that'll give us a pretty good idea of
what the 20-year amount would be and
then at that point we will meet with our
Board of Supervisors to determine the
the course of action that we'll take
when we're looking at the capital
projects and if you recall capital
projects first first uh we're focused on
school safety so we're looking at the
safety vestibules in our elementary and
middle schools we're looking at
connecting our detached gyms in our
elementary schools with detached gyms
we're looking at eliminating mobile
units and then we're looking at things
like new roofs repairing roofs replacing
roofs window
replacements and HVAC
Replacements next item that I have in
your packet this this a evening um are
our audits our school audits I would
like to recognize uh before the board we
had eight schools that were recognized
as having perfect or or clean Audits and
I'd like to mention those schools this
evening we'll recognize those schools at
our November principal's meeting but it
was Greta Elementary School Mount Ary
Elementary School Southside Elementary
School Stony Mill Elementary School t
win Springs Elementary and Union Hall
and Dan River Middle School and Greta
middle school so those were our eight
schools with clean
audits uh earlier this evening mentioned
the the budget uh that was passed by
signed by our governor here in September
we still have not received the C tool
that should be out this Friday the C
tool is that instrument from the
Virginia Department of Education that
provides the language and specific
specific dollar amounts in line items
and how that money can be spent once
that is received then our finance
department will will provide that
information to you
all uh in your packet this evening it's
a middle school sports update with our
basketball schedules for you uh for your
attention the legislative breakfast is
scheduled October the
20th couple of items on the agenda we're
looking at the teacher shortage
and discussions with our legislators
chronic
absenteeism and other items of that
morning and then upcoming vsba
conferences the the conference in
Williamsburg is the
15th uh through the 17th there's
information there's an itinerary there
in your PL at your places this evening
that Mrs Hancock has provided for you
also there is the information regarding
the train appreciation lunched lunch it
for you and then also at your places
there's a thank you letter from an uh
more Sparks from the chamber uh about
the uh candidate forums in our high
schools and then there's a stem
newsletter for your review this evening
and Mr Doss that's all I have this
evening okay thank you Dr
Jones um there's no unfinished business
so we'll move on to new business the
first item is a procurement bid for
petroleum products that was in your
packet I'm going to go ahead and read it
for gasoline was Foster fuels at
$2.79 a gallon diesel was Davenport at
301 almost 02 motor oil was Southeast
energy and fuel oil number two was
Foster fuels and propane was Davenport
energy do I have a motion to accept
those motion
second any discussions on the fuel
oil roll call please Mr Burton I Mr
Fitzgerald I Mr Henderson hi Mrs Merck
Mr Mills yes Mr Moon hi Mr do I next we
have a request to donate a surplus
school bus to Blair's fire and rescue
believe we're going to use for training
Mr Scott is that correct use of their
fising activities also
okay so move second any
discussion roll call please Mr Burton hi
Mr Fitzgerald hi Mr Henderson hi Mr
Merck Mr Ms yes Mr Moon hi Mr Dallas all
and finally we have agreement with the
American Red Cross for use of our school
facilities during the disaster and I
believe the middle schools are currently
the four schools and they want to add
the four high schools
so they want to add to um instead of
just the middle schools add high schools
to it so I have a motion for that so
move second any
discussion roll call please Mr Burton I
Mr Fitzgerald I Mr Henderson M Merck Mr
Ms yes Mr Moon hi Mr dolls hi thank
y'all that concludes what do we
have Master agreement oh she says we
have another item and I didn't see it it
was amendments to a Master agreement for
solar Services it was added L you know
what that is yes sir Mr Hudson U has
provided it to us that's going to amend
the the right now we're using some of
the solar money to pay for uh Roofing
this would draw this would draw down the
cost of energy usage so it really be a
savings on the operation side of the
budget as opposed to using that for
Capital project on roofs is that correct
Mr
Hudson motion I need wa I don't quite
understand that Mr H you
like we say we're not going to use it
for roof we're going to use it
for okay all
right first SE we did the high schools
the savings de savings for that was used
for the roofing for the middle schools
that we did completed this summer so all
the roofing is uh for all the schools
pretty much up to date so because of the
rising cost of all the utilities thought
it was better just bring the cost of
solar down save on the operating cost
instead of paying it forward in thank
you so move okay have a second second
any other discussion roll call please Mr
Burton H Mr Fitzgerald Mr Henderson hi M
mck Mr Mills yes Mr Moon all right Mr
dos all right it all right now we're
going to that is the end of our Open
session we will go back into close in a
few minutes we'll take about a 10minute
break before we go back and close thank
y'all for being here tonight hope y'all
have a good rest of the evening and see
y'all next month and reminder that
Monday next month is our
meeting
that